Update README.md (#38)
namehash/ens-normalize-python: README.md

# note: might still raise DisallowedSequence for certain names, which cannot be cured, e.g.
ens_cure('?')
# DisallowedSequence: The name is empty

> # note: '?' is removed resulting in empty name
> 
> ens_cure('0χх0.eth')
> # DisallowedSequence: Contains visually confusing characters from Cyrillic and Latin scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# reason: '?' would have to be removed which would result in an empty name

ens_cure('0χх0.eth')
# DisallowedSequence: Contains visually confusing characters from Cyrillic and Latin scripts
# reason: it is not clear which character should be removed ('χ' or 'х')
```
